I'm always telling me not to talk to you
guys but there's something I've been
wanting to talk to you about for a while
don't don't tell us anything you have a
lawyer now and it's it's not like it was
before okay what if I just put out some
hypotheticals and you know I'll talk
about certain financial situations and
you guys can come and if they're wrong
or how serious they might be okay for
instance what if a company gave an
executive a car you know corporate car
and instead of driving that to work he
drove his personal car and he gave the
company car to his daughter that's it
that's like radical there shouldn't be a
problem okay
what if
it was standard practice at ABM for
executives to regularly accept kickbacks
in cash